MY Tech Journey
My name is “Asiimwe delick” born in kabale District, south western Uganda. I was born in a humble family where by my Parents never managed to take me to good schools as such. I was raised in village and government aided schools whereby we got it hard to compete with other best schools in urban areas but of course God never let me down after all I had to finish my senior six at CREAMLAND HIGH SCHOOL KABALE where I made my 11 points out 20 points and may God bless the teaching staff of that school by then because they helped me to pass out.
Now the results are out and I still don’t know what I really want to be in my life. So I started the struggle of looking what I was going to do at the university. 
HOW I RESORT FROM BBA COURSE TO SCINCE IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY COURSE.
Now my parents mind less about my life in education so long as I had finished senior six that was all! In that I had a relative who had interest in seeing me Educated as in a good and marketable course. So he had to consult me about what I was going to do at Campus, that’s when I told him BBA majoring in Accounting and finance. From there he never let me down I think he made research about the course I told him and finally he started encouraging me what to go and do at the university. I became a good listener though I reached to the extent of going to do a course I never understood how it works though in his words of encouragement he could always show me the successful people whom he claimed to have done courses related to ICT. With that I went to campus.
MY FIRST EXPERIENCE IN CODING
Now in C programming! I can vaguely remember how it felt the first time I wrote a program. In the first semester, I had C class and other course units as well (those did IT can get it) on the school’s time table and I could train myself in JavaScript during my free time. For C programming being with the compiler it looked easy to run the code though it was not easy to get the results as I could be expecting. For JavaScript things were tough all the sides! I remember that the syntax didn't make any sense to me at the time but I thought it was really cool how you could type something into the command line and your program could take your input and manipulate it and return a result. I heard to keep like that but of course I had to come out with something as they say practice make perfect. 
Then, started hearing about “Andela level-up Program”. Whereby this program was based on encouraging and giving programming basics to the codding beginners. I applied and finally I became among the chosen ones to the program that later took place in Makerere University every day for two hours and by then the program was to finish one week. So I began the journey and I started learning HTML and CSS. There were so many languages like Python but I said let me deal much in web designing since I was still blank on it. Big upon your selves Andela Uganda.
I brought what I studied from there to my colleague, he was also dull in programming by then, but from there we said lets cooperate and then we might achieve. From there codding became our hobby every day! We helped each other in the hardships of code as you know, I remember writing a code and I fail to explain on it when asked about it! I remember writing a code and you find like 30 errors and 20 warnings! And remember you are not sure why these warnings and errors! Though sometimes they show you where the mistake is. God did it as we kept together in our journey we really made it. Because by now we are in our second year at the university but we are all equipped with programming skills. For example we are best in C programming, JavaScript, php, html and CSS a thing that we praise God for. And we hope to be get more skills as we are still in the tech journey.
So with that I encourage those who are still beginning to be calm and take their time, revise themselves and look for what you like, listen to the elders because sometimes have good directives as my relative did, form a team (as “Togetherness Everybody Achieves More”), be serious with what you are doing and make sure at least every day you write two lines of code.
Author:  Asiimwe Delick
Ndejje University 
Kampala, Uganda
+256701419725
Email: delickasimwebanton@gmail.com
